Hi everyone, feel good about those.
Right, I assumed set value remove value
probably shouldn't print anything.
We don't want them to, we could
technically make it like set value
could return the old value
that it's overriding.
Remove value could return the value
that it's removing, right?
We could do those we could print them out,
but
I'm not sure how useful
those kinds of things are.
Which one do we wanna start with?
Get value or get value all?
I think getValue is probably
a little bit more fun.
It's a little tricky.
So let's do that one.
What are some things
we're gonna have to use?
Well, if you're not familiar,
there is definitely going to be
some kind of file popping going on.
And how does node handle this?
Well, there's a variety
of ways we can do right?
We could technically use something
like path.join and do that, right?
We could join with debug and
that would produce a new path that
is effectively walking up it.
A kind of, here, I'm gonna have to
go up here and paste that in and
go fs path g, there you go.
Another method that's just already on
path is called a base name, and dirname.
So if you're not familiar with those ones,
those are kind of Unix II
style items here.
We can actually just
check this out right now.
So I can go like this,
dirname/foo/bar/baz will produce foo bar.
So that's really what we're looking for.
And base name of course,
if you did the exact same thing,
foo/bar/baz just produces baz, right?
So these are cool little utilities.
If you don't know about them, you should
know about them, they're fantastic.
I find that you end up using them a lot
if you're just trying to get something
quick done, so there we go.
So we can use dirname
as a way to walk this.
But what happens what's dirname,
how exactly does dirname work?
And my guess is it probably works
a lot like the Unix Kind of style.
So we can just discover what
happens at the very end, right?
What is the dirname of slash?
Well it's just slash, right?
So that means we're gonna run into
a case where at the end of using this,
the next directory we need to check is
the directory we've already checked.
So we just kind of need to make
sure we keep track of that.
And that's it, awesome.
So let's go like this,
let curr = this.config.pwd, awesome.
And now we're gonna use the greatest loop
of all time known as the do while loop.
All right, I think that this is
just the most beautiful ever.
And I'm gonna do this,
I'm gonna have a previous just
because I want to be able to just
have it inside the while condition.
I could do a next right here and
do a break inside of it but
why not just have while curr
does not equal previous?
Does that look good?
Yeah.
So, let's do this, it should be
pretty straightforward, right?
One thing I do love about JavaScript
is that their recent addition of these,
the nollie, coalescing operator,
whatever you wanna call it,
I think I call it
the Elvis operator at 1.0.
I can do something like this,
value equals this.data.projector.
And then we're gonna use, obviously we
start off with our path so I can curr and
then I can give it that sweet,
question dot.
I love it.
It's fantastic.
And then give it a key, right?
So if there's a value here,
we should probably use that value, right?
So if value, well, we'll go like
this let out equals undefined and
it can also be a string and
go out equals value.
By the way just kind of a personal thing
I never, I don't like to return in
the middle of things I find that it
often leads to harder to debug problems.
So I just do that hit with a nice little
break cuz that's the end of that and
return out.
Personal building, kind of thing.
So, now we go like this,
const next = path.dirname,
passing the current and
then go previous = current,
actually we don't even need
to do the next, right?
And then current equals,
paste that in, sorry,
that was from a previous testing time.
There we go.
We just move everything forward.
If we've done this all correct, we
should hopefully break out of this loop.
If I haven't done this correct,
we're gonna be spinning in circles for
a long time.
And then maybe I'll have to do
some sort of print debugging.
It'll be a lot of fun.
Great times.
Let's see.
Awesome.
So there we go.
We have everything we
kind of want right here.
I think that's good,
everyone good with this one?
Shall we move on?
I think we shall.
All right, so I'm just gonna copy
this code and let's do get value all.
Now, theoretically we could create some
sort of containing, some sort of almost
iterator like method to be able to walk
these paths and do all of this for us.
And so that way, we don't have to
duplicate this logic, but it's just
different enough that it's kind of painful
to try to make all these things work.
You kind of get into goofy interfaces.
So we're just gonna do this nice,
the old fashioned way.
So I wanna do out equals that,
out will be returned to down here,
but there is one small problem.
Now remember, the present working
directory is our most specific directory,
that's the values we
definitely want the most.
The slash directory or
Windows is C colon slash something
like that the other direction slash.
That is our least specific values.
So we wanna make sure we always have
the most specific values being used,
not the least specific values being used.
So if I were to simply walk this
directory and just merge the map over and
over again we'd get a, what would that be?
That'd be like a leftmost merge.
We want a rightmost.
Merge, we want to go the other direction.
And this is backwards for you.
So I just did backwards hand gestures for
both for you guys, you know,
you get the idea.
So let's walk the path.
We'll put it all together,
and then we'll produce,
then we'll just reverse the array.
We'll keep it simple,
very procedural, very easy so
we go like this const paths equals
an array, seems pretty simple, right?
We'll do a nice, I will again,
we'll use the greatest loop known to man,
do while loop I don't know
if you know this Past.
Push current, fantastic and
we'll just do that and
then at the end we can use
the old paths.reverse, right?
And now we have all these, I'm sure we
could have done this in a more clever
fashion but no need to be clever around
here we're just trying to program it so
it's the most obvious I'll try to do
something similar in the other languages.
So you can just see,
obvious as opposed to, too clever.
All right, so reverse we're gonna just
do a nice little forEach right here, or
we can use the greatest thing of all time,
that always leaves the bug a nice reduce.
So let's do an accumulator and
of course the current path and
we can do that erase then that thing and
just return this.
Nothing is better.
Don't you just love debugging these ones,
I just love it.
It's just so fantastic because you don't
even know when it's going to return out
the value, you don't know when it's going
to be the final value, just so much fun.
So let's do that let's go return acc.
And now what we need is just simply
check to see if there is an object
in this location, and then we just
simply can merge it into the map and
we call it a day.
So, there's some different
ways we could do this.
We can go const value =
this.data.projector and
we can use the path to check if
there is a value at this location.
We could just simply do a object.assign
and we could pass in our acc and
then have our value, right?
That's just simply gonna
assign it on top and
we're going from left to right in
our directory structure, right?
So we know that we're gonna get
the least specific to the most specific.
So if we override something
not a big deal, right?
And of course,
I'm in the wrong language here.
Wait, what language is this?
There we go, that's the language.
There we go.
We have it, awesome.
So theoretically,
our get all value should work.
Now we can start testing this, but
I'm just gonna finish this off and
go all the way to the end.
So let's do set value, set value should
be pretty straightforward set and
delete a really, really fast, right?
So let's just do that.
If I can just do a simple let dir
= equals this.data.projector,
and then pass in this.config.present
working directory.
If directory doesn't exist,
well we can just take this.
Put it over here?
And I can just create a new object,
fantastic and
of course set dir equal to that as well.
And just do a nice dir key = value,
fantastic,
that's really all we need to do, right?
Cuz at this point the data
is kept within our object.
We know it, so when we call save later on,
it's going to already have all
this data they're, fantastic.
I'm positive there's
a nicer way to do this but
this is what I always end up doing.
Though it has a really nice convention for
this, I think that is really slick Russ
has a really slick convention for working
with maps or this types of objects.
I know we're just using a simple object.
We could have used a map.
Is there any benefit to using a map?
I'm not sure if we're gonna get much
benefit, same operations, right?
I'm gonna have to do a get on it.
It'll be undefined.
Do a set on it.
You really save anything?
I don't know.
So there we go.
Let's grab that and we'll do pretty
much the exact same thing here except
the only difference is that if it
exists we need to do something, right?
So I'll just take that out, grab the key,
grab the present working directory,
if this thing does exist.
Well then, let's delete.
We can even const this one, right?
So let's just delete out dir key.
There we go.
We're gonna just remove
this entry from our object.
Fantastic, we've done it.
We now pretty much have our entire
API in TypeScript done at this point.
And a few tests are probably in order.
So we can jump on that now and make sure
everything works before we finish off
the program by doing the printing out,
by doing the saving and
kind of the rest of the operations.